I have uairén
Once upon a time when the
story of ever after heart the institute
where the children of the
most famous story characters in order
to follow in their parents' footsteps
so that the classic stories continue
refusing forever and ever but it was a
alumna reid in queens daughter of the
perverse stepmother who does not want to continue
the steps of his evil mother and we
it seems normal in what he wants to be the most
hated the world and that if I want
choose my own happy ending that
rebellion did not sit well with the
real of the institute like for example
applewhite the daughter of snow white
no more
and the institute was divided by a
side the reals to those who
they promised their happy ending as the best
friend forever apple
bryant of the sleeping beauty of life
to the daughter of the golden daughter who also
is a real one on the other side are the
rebels who believe they have the right to
choose your own destiny
I accept to accept my destiny as the next
pinocho returns to the next opinion
exactly and then this would be the daughter
of Little Red Riding Hood
let's say you have a secret a dark
secret
madeline jáder the daughter of the hat
I have
she can eyes and like all the stories
of fairies have a prince charming ever
after the and is full of princes
blue hello
and naturally they are like only 10 left
seconds but if I have much left
counting is limiting if secretly
there is a giant called kodak kid and
the director's brother is locked
in a secretary library that's how
the story of ever after heart begins
the end is only the beginning